# Week1

---

# Week1 Summary

- 머신러닝 문제는 기대하는 출력값이 연속적인지, 이산적인지를 기준으로 분류할 수 있다.
- 결과값에 대한 예상이 어려울때 unsupervised learning을 사용한다.
- hypothesis function 과 cost function의 정의와 관계
    - To calculate cost, # of theta = # of feature + 1
- Gradient Descent
    - For gradient descent, we need to implement simultaneous updates for all values in theta

# Introduction

## Supervised Learning

In supervised learning, we are given a data set and already know what our correct output should look like, having the idea that there is a relationship between the input and the output.

Supervised learning problems are categorized into "regression" and "classification" problems.

In a regression problem, we are trying to predict results within a continuous output, meaning that we are trying to map input variables to some continuous function.

In a classification problem, we are instead trying to predict results in a discrete output. In other words, we are trying to map input variables into discrete categories.

## Unsupervised Learning

Unsupervised learning allows us to approach problems with little or no idea what our results should look like. We can derive structure from data where we don't necessarily know the effect of the variables.

We can derive this structure by clustering the data based on relationships among the variables in the data.

With unsupervised learning there is no feedback based on the prediction results.

### Examples of Unsupervised Learning

**Clustering**: Take a collection of 1,000,000 different genes, and find a way to automatically group these genes into groups that are somehow similar or related by different variables, such as lifespan, location, roles, and so on.

**Non-clustering**: The "Cocktail Party Algorithm", allows you to find structure in a chaotic environment.

- Clustering
- Organize computer clusters
- Social network analysis
- Market segmentation
- Astronomical data analysis

[Lecture1.pdf](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/Lecture1.pdf)

---

# Model and Cost Function

## Model Representation

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled)

To describe the supervised learning problem slightly more formally, our goal is, given a training set, to learn a function h : X → Y so that h(x) is a “good” predictor for the corresponding value of y. For historical reasons, this function h is called a hypothesis.

When the target variable that we’re trying to predict is continuous, such as in our housing example, we call the learning problem a regression problem. When y can take on only a small number of discrete values (such as if, given the living area, we wanted to predict if a dwelling is a house or an apartment, say), we call it a classification problem.

⇒ 예측하고자 하는 결과가 연속적이라면 regression, 이산적이라면 classification 문제로 분류한다. 

## Cost Function

We can measure the accuracy of our hypothesis function by using a cost function. This takes an average difference (actually a fancier version of an average) of all the results of the hypothesis with inputs from x's and the actual output y's.

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%201](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%201)

This function is otherwise called the "Squared error function", or "Mean squared error".

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%202](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%202)

## Cost Function Intuition1

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%203](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%203)

(left) hypothesis function (right) cost function

- 세타1을 1로 했을 때 주어진 데이터와 가장 잘 맞는 것을 알 수 있음
- 이때의 cost function의 값은 0으로 최선의 해를 가짐

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%204](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%204)

- 반면 세타1이 0.5인 경우 cost function의 값은 대략 0.58

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%205](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%205)

- 다른 나머지 세타 값에 대해서도 cost function의 값을 구함으로써 cost function 의 값이 위와 같게 됨을 확인 할 수 있다.

---

# Parameter Learning

## Gradient Descent

So we have our hypothesis function and we have a way of measuring how well it fits into the data. Now we need to estimate the parameters in the hypothesis function. That's where gradient descent comes in.

repeat until convergence:

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%206](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%206)

where j=0,1 represents the feature index number

### How to update the prameters

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%207](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%207)

## Gradient Descent Intuition

Regardless of sign of derivative term in gradient descent, seta eventually converges to its minimum value.

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%208](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%208)

### step size matters

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%209](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%209)

### How does it converge?

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%2010](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%2010)

As we approach a local minimum, derivative term automatically gets smaller

## Gradient Descent For Linear Regression

### Batch Gradient Descent

By diffrentiate gradient descent algorithm, we get

[Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%2011](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/untitled%2011)

where m is size of training set

[Lecture2.pdf](Week1%20da879c650e864ba49d5ada02edc6973d/Lecture2.pdf)